vnstati: add page (#6175)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/vnstati.md

# vnstati

> > png image output support for vnStat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> PNG image output support for vnStat.
```

Author: Changed and pushed.

# vnstati

> PNG image output support for vnStat.
> More information: <https://manned.org/vnstati>.

> - Output summary of the last 2 days/months and all time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output a summary of the last 2 months, days, and all time:
```

How is it chosen for whether it is days or months
if it is 1 or the other then `/` is wrong

Author: It shows the days and the months, so both. [Example output](https://i.imgur.com/exDJ0WI.png).

> - Output a summary of the last 2: months, days, and all time:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output a summary of the last 2: months, days, and all-time:
```

* https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/all-time
* https://www.lexico.com/definition/all-time
* https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/all-time

> - Output a summary of the last 2: months, days, and all-time:

Reviewer 3: `last 2`:  Why? Is there a default value?

Reviewer 3: What does is mean?

Is is something like:
> Output a summary of the last 2 months, last 2 days, and all-time:

Author: > 
> 
> What does is mean?
> 
> Is it something like:
> 
> > Output a summary of the last 2 months, last 2 days, and all-time:

It shows the summary of today, yesterday, the current month, the previous month and the total usage. [This is the output.](https://i.imgur.com/exDJ0WI.png)

> `vnstati --summary --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vnstati --summary --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`
```

> - Output all time top 10 traffic days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output all-time top 10 traffic days:
```

> - Output all-time top 10 traffic days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output all-time top 10 of network traffic days:
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Output the 10 most traffic-intensive days of all time:
```

`vnstati --top10 --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`

> - Output traffic statistics on a monthly basis for the last 12 months:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output traffic statistics for every month for the last 12 months:
```

Leave this suggestions open for others to see

Reviewer: ```suggestion 

- Output traffic statistics for each month, for the last 12 months:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
- Output traffic statistics for every month, for the last 12 months:
```

Reviewer 4: Just another one:
```suggestion
- Output monthly traffic statistics from the last 12 months:
```

Reviewer 4: @melvin2204 just apply the one you like the most.

`vnstati --months --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`

> - Output traffic statistics on a hourly basis for the last 24 hours:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output traffic statistics on an hourly basis for the last 24 hours:
```

Should be "an" here, not "a"!

Author: You are right, but I got that title from the man page, so they made the mistake, not me. 😅

> - Output traffic statistics on an hourly basis for the last 24 hours:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Output traffic statistics for every hour for the last 24 hours:
```

Reviewer: ditto

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Output hourly traffic statistics from the last 24 hours:
```

> 
> `vnstati --summary --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`
> 
> - Output the 10 most traffic-intensive days of all time:
> 
> `vnstati --top10 --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`
> 
> - Output monthly traffic statistics from the last 12 months:
> 
> `vnstati --months --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`
> 
> - Output hourly traffic statistics from the last 24 hours:
> 
> `vnstati --hours --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{output.png}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`vnstati --summary --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`

- Output the 10 most traffic-intensive days of all time:

`vnstati --top10 --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`

- Output monthly traffic statistics from the last 12 months:

`vnstati --months --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`

- Output hourly traffic statistics from the last 24 hours:

`vnstati --hours --iface {{network_interface}} --output {{path/to/output.png}}`
```

# vnstati

> PNG image output support for vnStat.

> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/vnstati>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/vnstati.1>.
```

We use manned.org when using man pages

Author: Never heard of manned.org before, but I updated it.
